Contextualizing Physical Computing

Considering the smart object craze
The implications of Ubiquitous Computation
And what design can possibly mean in these contexts

1. Brain/Mind Map pt 1 - Keyword dump
2. Brain/Mind Map pt 2 - Making Connections
3. Making Associations - Grouping and extending keywords
4. Sharing and discussing our connections
5. Applications to the way we approach physical computing

Can we use this to identify potential:

* values
* solutions to problems
* blind spots
* trouble spots
* places to improve
* risks
* etc...

---
Groupings and thoughts

Community - social impact, responsibility and empathy
Smart Cities 
positive: comfort, self driving cars,
negative: replacement, data colleciton

Community - participation, collaborate, contribute
Smart Cities (Utopian)
ubiquitous computing
big data - sensory participation

Digital Brain, AI, Biases
AI as digital brain - if biases exist in output digital brain makes mistakes
humans should take responsibility
	e.g. self-driving cars

Smart City - data collection 5G AI
sense the whole city
data transmission
how to process
application - smart transportation system

Smart & AI - Human Agency, Data collection, replacement, IoT, Digital brain, networks, privacy surveillance
	context AI-directed interstate warfare
Computation - Jacquard Loom

AI - privacy, surveillance, social impact, data-analytics
The Great HacK as an example of the nexus of these

AI - machine learning, data analysis, biases surveillance
machine bias is a big topic in regards to surveillance re: image recognition, representation|identity

AI - constrained environment vs creative and imaginative
the question of the quality of life on earth in the future - AI as a species

Smart - IoT, replacement...
AI - digital brain generative design, improved creativity
Skepticism about the improvement of quality of life
Constrained by machines doing all our jobs

AI ( as a species ) - Adam Curtis "Hyper Normalization" - Eliza program.
useful fakes?

Smart - Seamless experience, IoT, Insecurity
Seamless experience <-> Insecurity (spectrum)
As an end user no control (human agency as a lack)



